GHA Action Question & template fix (#183)
FidelusAleksander/ghcertified: content/questions/actions/question-076.md

---
archetype: "questions"

> title: "How many reusable workflows can you call from a single workflow file? "

Reviewer: Let's rephrase this to say "maximum" because right now all answers are correct

```suggestion
title: "What's the maximum amount of reusable workflows can you call from a single workflow file? "
```

> archetype: "questions"
> title: "What's the maximum amount of reusable workflows can you call from a single workflow file? "
> question: "Question 076"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
archetype: "questions"
question: "What's the maximum amount of reusable workflows can you call from a single workflow file? "
title: "Question 076"
```

draft: false
---

> https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/reusing-workflows#limitations

> 1. [] 0
> 1. [] 1
> 1. [x] 20
> 1. [] 10

Reviewer: Need's spaces in empty brackets and I've made it a standard to have the first answers to be correct. Doesn't change anything but keeps the repo consistent

```suggestion
1. [x] 20
1. [ ] 5
1. [ ] 1
1. [ ] 10
```
